Merge Horizon v2.6.1 onto master (#3765)
stellar/go: services/horizon/CHANGELOG.md

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this
file. This project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/).

## Unreleased

* Add a feature flag `--captive-core-reuse-storage-path`/`CAPTIVE_CORE_REUSE_STORAGE_PATH` that will reuse Captive Core's storage path for bucket files when applicable for better performance ([3750](https://github.com/stellar/go/pull/3750)).

## v2.6.1

**Upgrading to this version from <= v2.5.2 will trigger a state rebuild. During this process (which will take at least 10 minutes), Horizon will not ingest new ledgers.**

* Fix bug introduced in v2.6.0 ([#3737](https://github.com/stellar/go/pull/3737)), preventing usage of `horizon db migrate up/down/redo` commands. ([#3762](https://github.com/stellar/go/pull/3762))

## v2.6.0

> **Upgrading to this version from <= v2.5.2 will trigger a state rebuild. During this process (which will take at least 10 minutes), Horizon will not ingest new ledgers.**

Reviewer: I think it should say:
```suggestion
**Upgrading to this version from <= v2.1.1 will trigger a state rebuild. During this process (which will take at least 10 minutes), Horizon will not ingest new ledgers.**
```
Worth updating this in the release page to avoid confusion.

Author: ok, will do!
